# hello-world
I obey the guide-book. I OBEY!
Some people like to describe thmselves as right- or left-brained, but I've always preferred to use the whole thing as much as possible. I'm creative, fluid and empathetic, quite comfortable letting my mind wander and spin into technicolor splashes of new ideas... all up to a point. I also like limits and absolutes. Things with metaphorical right angles that either work or do not work. Here's an example: I love Legos I love digging into my stash of bits and pieces with an idea in mind and trying out one option afterr another until I find a solution that creates the object I want. And sometimes it works the other way: new connections and possibilities of a given piece sometimes inspire massive changes to what I'm building, or get me so excited by a new idea that I scrap what I'm working on altogether. Seeing a slich, mind-bending mosaic technique I had never imagined inspired me to build a fantasy throne... on the back of a bio-mechanical kraken. It happens. But I digress. One of the main things that makes my creativity function is limitation. Give me constraints, and I'll have a blast trying to figure out how to achieve what I want within those limits. But it's not just the limits of what's possible with the pieces that helps sculpt me; it's the limits of <em>my own collection</em>. I downloaded LegoDigitalDesigner once, a free program for virtual construction. In that program you can have any number of every piece, in every color. No limits. Not only was there no tactile interaction, which matters, but without limitations to push against my creativity just went flooooop. I abandoned the program within an hour.

All that leads me to why I'm enjoying programming so far; it's a lot like Lego, and a reasonable trade-up. The code languages are kind of right-angled. The code I write will work, or it won't. If I mess up the syntax, it won't run. Every little piece of code has an exact constraint of what it can and cannot do. But I can put those parts -- whichever ones I master the use of -- together to make all kinds of things. Useful, functional, vibrant, beautiful. I can be like Bob Ross, using a square-edged paint knife (spatula?)  to paint a round waterwheel.
